okay we're back but a cooking quail egg
omelette so I got a little chopped
broccoli and pepper here and put that
right in here in my pan that's hot a
little medium heat cooking oil in that
just go a little easier a little dab of
butter in there
everyone butter my taste better with
butter right on my wife standing behind
me okay a little bit I got my quail eggs
here get about 20 quail eggs in here I
guess
oh yeah the shells there's a little bit
of milk this is the remnants off the
tops off with wool our scissors hit oil
for about a year using them for training
the dog and then lay eggs now so we get
about eight eggs a day and show you a
few different ways so the first omelets
evenly dispersed what that I'm fresh
quail eggs and veggies some scallion
here which I picked from the garden this
morning
oh man she takes us already
some toast
everything bagel Oh killing me over here
stabbing all right beautiful
I still have quail eggs is their kind of
nice and light chicken egg
is there something all cook doing some
of the spaces there
of different variation on the omelet see
we see I've had free-range chicken eggs
had free-range goose eggs offer pretty
amazing and this is our first quail egg
omelet
all righty there you have it
quail egg omelet with veggies fresh
chive